# Cindy Chen
I graduated from Wake Forest University in 2022 with a bachelor’s degree in Statistics with honor and Computer Science. When I first took a statistical modeling class during my first year of college, I discovered that data science is something that has the magical power to make business decisions and predict future trends based on raw data. Since then, I have come to believe that utilizing data power to address real-world challenges is an area I would like to be actively engaged in in the future. As a result, I equipped herself with quantitative and analytical courses such as Database Management, Machine Learning, and Multivariate Statistics.

Besides coursework, I have been a teaching assistant and math tutor at Wake Forest University for a variety of statistics courses, including statistical learning, multilevel models, as well as design and sampling. Since my sophomore year, I have also worked as a university computer science tutor, assisting students in computer science introductory classes. I had a lot of fun assisting students in understanding machine learning modeling concepts because I really want more people to experience the intellectual allure of modeling and data science. I interned as a data analyst at WeBank last summer, where I helped build ETL pipelines using Python and SQL and independently developed several interactive Tableau dashboards for non-technical colleagues to ensure efficient self-query, data segmentation, and visualization. I also honed my skills in Machine Learning applications in credit and loan analysis. With this experience, I have become increasingly interested in learning more about how data-driven customer analytics and modeling can advance a data-driven financial technology sector.

I'm excited to be a part of the Master of Science in Analytics (MSiA) program at Northwestern this fall and looks forward to expanding my modeling skillset and analytical mindset by taking courses and interacting with MSiA cohort members. I believe that this program will be an important step toward her career and goal as a data scientist.
